Roaring Lion Tours and Travel Ltd – Company Profile
We are a reliable tour operator based in Nairobi, Kenya. Our mission is to provide bespoke travel experiences to our clientele by offering tours that expose travelers to the magnificent, scenic, and natural beauty of East Africa. While on the tours they will also indulge in the rich history, cultural diversity, and varied culinary traditions.
We delight in designing customized itineraries in the East African region for individuals, families, and groups. Our aim is to provide you with the ultimate safari experience through interesting and engaging activities such as game drives, hiking expeditions, bush treks, boat rides, water sports, and even horse riding in the wild.
We take great pride in making the trip and safari planning process a breeze with a prompt response and impeccable service. Whether you are looking for a honeymoon safari, beach holiday, wildlife safari, or camping adventure, we are your safari partner.
We are dedicated to providing outstanding service, giving you personalized attention throughout your trip, and ensuring that you get value for your money and the most memorable holiday experience.

Our mission
To enrich people’s lives by providing bespoke travel experiences in a responsible, sustainable and reliable manner, with passion and commitment.
Our vision
To be the undisputable tour operator of choice in East Africa

Our core values
Integrity
We value integrity in our day-to-day operations, and therefore we conduct our business with a high standard of ethics. Integrity for us means relating to people in an authentic and true way.
Passion
Passion means giving 100% in everything we do with enthusiasm and dedication to our customers. Every day we work with passion to serve our travelers the best way we can.
Excellence
Here at Roaring Lion tours excellent service is a way of life not a choice. We are committed to being a high-performance organization by staying focused on total customer satisfaction. We don’t just want to provide a satisfactory experience; we want to take very opportunity to exceed your expectations.


Commitment
At Roaring lion tours we believe that it is not enough to be involved, we are fully committed to helping our customers experience their travel dreams. In our business, commitment is the uncommon denominator because nothing great happens by mistake.
Reliability
We are there for you when you need us, it’s that simple
Sustainability
No matter where you go or how you travel, you will have an effect on the environment and the people you visit, that is why we strongly believe that sustainable tourism is key to success in our business. As an organization we strive to embrace sustainable practices and adapt our strategies to the preservation of the environment. We work closely with local partners to ensure that everyone who serves us earns a fair wage. We also carefully research the experiences we provide to our guests so that we can be confident that wildlife, ecosystems, historic sites and most importantly the people we encounter are not being harmed by our activities. Our company also believes that you can have a more authentic and meaningful trip when sustainable tourism practices are applied.

